Revert "doc/user: remove maintenance window" (#31298)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/releases/_index.md

## Schedule

Materialize upgrades all regions to the latest release each week according to
the following schedule:

Region        | Day of week | Time
--------------|-------------|-----------------------------
aws/eu-west-1 | Wednesday   | 2100-2300 [Europe/Dublin]
aws/us-east-1 | Thursday    | 0500-0700 [America/New_York]
aws/us-west-2 | Thursday    | 0500-0700 [America/New_York]

{{< note >}}
Upgrade windows follow any daylight saving time or summer time rules
for their indicated time zone.
{{< /note >}}

Upgrade windows were chosen to be outside of business hours in the most
representative time zone for the region.

> Materialize may occasionally deploy unscheduled releases to fix urgent bugs as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materialize may occasionally deploy off-schedule releases to fix urgent bugs as well.
```

You can find details about upcoming and current maintenance on the [status
page](https://status.materialize.com). You can also use the [status page API](https://status.materialize.com/api) to programmatically access this information.

> When your region is upgraded, you’ll experience just a few minutes of downtime. After the initial downtime, the new version of Materialize will begin rehydrating your indexes and materialized views. This takes time proportional to data volume and query complexity. Indexes and materialized views with large amounts of data will take longer to rehydrate than indexes and materialized views with small amounts of data. Similarly, indexes and materialized views for complex queries will take longer to rehydrate than indexes and materialized views for simple queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your region is upgraded, you should only experience a few minutes of downtime (at most). After the upgrade to the latest version of Materialize, the objects in your environment will undergo _rehydration_. This operation takes time proportional to data volume and query complexity: indexes and materialized views with large amounts of data will take longer to rehydrate than indexes and materialized views with small amounts of data; similarly, indexes and materialized views for complex queries will take longer to rehydrate than indexes and materialized views for simple queries.
```
